waiter
Bring me all the wine
Really let you put it on
9 bottles of wine is 90 million
Fan Ruoli, you won't really want to dissipate the talents of the Fan family
Come and make a fat man for this waste
What to laugh at 90 million
Didn't you hear?
Bring it to me. OK.
You heard him.
I'm going to see what you pay for today.
You are going to wash your feet with this red wine today
This young master himself kneels down for you to wipe your feet and wear your shoes
Sir, the bottle of red wine you want
Open all
That's 90 million dollars.
How dare he drive
You all remember
This wine was ordered by him
I'll see how this kid ends up in a while
Boy, the wine is on
If you have a kind of person, ride it for me
Waiter bring a basin
Husband go
Oh, my God!
So many.
Wife
That's 90 million
To give you this breath
What a lick of heaven
I knew my husband was the best for me
Waiter with towel
Wipe my feet